With the data I have successfully now it's time to work on the content of the quotes page to display
all those quotes we can favorite and unfavorite.
Now as you saw in the slides before I want to have to look like those cards.
It is called.
So those boxes with the nice shadow and so on.
Turns out there is a specific component for this.
Let's have a look at it first in the documentation.
And as a side note I'm just showing you this documentation because I wanted to know where to learn more.
I will of course also show you how to use it in a second.
So let's have a look at cards.
As you can see this is our basic card looks like a box with this nice shadow.
And as you can also see there are different ways of getting this more and more complex.
You can also place lists inside of a card with either lists and then buttons with an item.
You can also place images inside of cards with a simple normal image tag and I on it to will automatically
aligned this to look nice.
So these are all the combinations supported by Ironic.
Now let's go back to our application and build such a card.
It all starts with the iron card element here or component it should say with the selector to use the
bolt and ion card element.
And as explained I want to loop through this element of course because I want to create multiple cards.
So I'm going to place Engy four in it and this is what I meant earlier.
You don't have to raptus in the iron list if you don't want to have this I-List look with the Beginning
and Ending separator.
You can use energy for totally independent of ion list as we do here.
And I want to loop through all the quotes.
So loop through quotes and assign it to a single quote variable here.
OFF-MIKE quote group quotes property just to keep this in mind or just bring this back to your mind.
We have this quotes property to grow group and this is an array of quotes.
This error here so you're on looping for all those quotes and storing the individual quotes in this
quote variable with this I'm replicating this card.
And the most basic card we can create with now is simply output to quote text.
Remember text is d'Este property on a single quote let's do and let's save it to see this in action
in the application if I click on this.
You see those cards.
And yeah it's not super pretty is it.
It of course becomes more pretty or prettier if you wrap it in a paragraph.
Now we have at least a bit better looking card but still not really that nice.
So we can still improve this.
There is a better component to wrap your content in and that is called Card content.
This is specifically made to make you make your content look nice inside the card.
So if we place our code text in there you will see that now we start to get nice results.
Now we have a padding around this quote about this around this text and it already looks much better
but not good enough for us here.
I want to have a more complex card.
We also need this favorite link.
I want to have a title for that card.
And I also want to have a place for you offers sort of because you who created this quote.
Let's start with the title.
We can add such a title a so-called header with the ID card header component.
So ion card header and ID card content are two separate components.
You can place inside of a card and actually as mentioned before if you have a look at the component
documentation here for example with images you see that you can also play some Abra special elements
like the image element additional to card content.
And if you wanted card header so you can also use that in a card.
And again just have a look at the documentation to learn more about your specific use case.
As you can see the I and list would also be an alternative just to many alternatives to go through them
all.
But the theory is always the same.
You have your wrapping and card element and then there do you get a couple of building blocks you can
use and you can just play around with that and place a normal at say age one element in there to see
how that looks.
There's nothing wrong with that.
You can see if that fits your needs.
Always keep in mind you're creating normal aged penal code here in the end with the help of English
two components.
So enough of the talking.
Let's add a header here and the head on one half is actually the number of the current quote.
So a hash tag to just indicate that we have a number and to get the number off the quote I would simply
get the index of the current iteration.
Sallet I equals in Texas dangler to Centex.
Give me that index and stringin tribulation I can then simply output I.
But that would start at zero.
So let's say I plus 1 to actually start at 1.
Now we have a header and we have the content.
Let's see how that looks.
If we load that now see header and contemned looks much nicer.
Now in the next lecture I want to dive deeper on that and actually start improving this card even more
and see which tools I want to give us to provide a nice structure for our content here.